doc: Fix clustermesh documentation to set the correct identityMode (#12153)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/clustermesh.rst

* All nodes must have a unique IP address assigned them. Node IPs of clusters
  being connected together may not conflict with each other.

> * Cilium must be configured to use etcd as the kvstore. Also the default
>   settings of ``global.identityAllocationMode`` should be changed. With direct
>   etcd connections, for identities to be propagated across the clusters and
>   for cross-cluster policy to work, it should be set to ``kvstore`` as shown
>   ``--set global.identityAllocationMode=kvstore``. Consul is not supported by
>   cluster mesh at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cilium must be configured to use etcd as the kvstore, along with the identity allocation mode
(``global.identityAllocationMode``). With the identity allocation mode set to ``kvstore`` as shown, this 
allows direct etcd connections, identity propagation across the clusters, and enables cross-cluster policy
functionality. Consul is not supported by cluster mesh at this point.
```

I think this reads better, but let me know what you think. Feel free to tinker with it.

Reviewer 2: If we're going to state the Helm option for the identity allocation mode, I think it also makes sens to state the helm option for setting the kvstore to etcd.

Reviewer 2: Also I don't see the reference for `as shown`. I think those two words can be removed.

And `propagation` spelling :-)

`Consul is not supported by cluster mesh at this point` -> `Consul is not currently supported with Cluster Mesh`. Incidentally we should ensure that all references to the clustermesh feature consistently use the same capitalization / spacing)

Reviewer: Ah yes `porpgagation` is used when `global.derpMode.enabled=true` :joy: ; fixed suggestion comment :)

Author: Will address your comments.

Author: > If we're going to state the Helm option for the identity allocation mode, I think it also makes sens to state the helm option for setting the kvstore to etcd.

I think the helm option for kvstore is set when 'global.etcd' is enabled. Do you want to capture it here.

Author: Done.

* The network between clusters must allow the inter-cluster communication. The
  exact ports are documented in the :ref:`firewall_requirements` section.

.. note::

   By default the global.identityAllocationMode is set to ``crd``. With direct
   etcd connections, in order for the identities to be propagated across the
   clusters and for cross-cluster policy to work, the identityAllocationMode
   should be set to ``kvstore`` as shown below

>    ``--set global.identityAllocationMode=kvstore``.

Reviewer 2: Two nits here:

(1) This is also a prerequisite. There's no reason this particular item is special enough to call out in a `note`. Probably it makes sense to expand the bullet point on `Cilium must bec onfigured to use etcd as the kvstore....` to mention both that the `kvstore` option must be configured as well as the `identity-allocation-mode`.

(2) `global.identityAllocationMode` at the start of this paragraph is not encased in double-backticks but it probably makes sense to consistently format references to the configuration objects (ie encase this one too).

Author: Ok will address the review comments.

Author: Done.
